Every week we have had discussions with our PO about the state of the project, what he thought about it, what his priorities were,
so we could update our scrum so that we prioritized our user stories correctly.
We also asked a lot of questions about how he wanted the layout to be or the controls to work.

On our meetings we Reflected on last weeks user stories, checked our acceptance criterea and assesed how big the coming userstories were.

I was a big part of all these discussions but did not take any notice of them in my weekly reflections below.


Week 1
I would like to learn more about having a client and the interaction between client and team, and this will come naturally during the course.

When i realise something important i share it with the group. Otherwise help out when other people are stuck or when i see them doing something wrong guide them in the right direction.

Well we just started the scrum and does not have a project yet so not much at the moment. But I will use it in the future when we have a project to start planning on.

This week i was active in the meetings and was the “ordförande” of one of our meetings. since we have not started the code or such i have not contributed towards that.
Later on i will be more involved in the coding and keep the activity in meetings high.



Week 2
This week we have mostly been working towards deciding the project and the PO, so the scrum has not been used.

I was away for easter this week so i was not as active in the meetings, but i was there when we decided to change our idea and set up the base for the assignment.



Week 3
I would like to learn more about CSS, and will do so by using it here and also by practicing it in a course im TA in.

I have created some of the checklists for acceptance criterea for the user stories and assesed the time each will take.
Since much of the work this week was planning not much has changed on the scrum.

I have been part of the creation of the sketches and made the darkmode sketch which we will pursue as our first colour theme.



Week 4
this week i created the boxes, fixed dragging boxes across the canvas, added a context menu that adds boxes,
this creates a nice base for the coming weeks work


Week 5

This week I noticed some patterns in a teammates code that was unneccesary and made it the code harder to understand
so i gave some tips on how to change that and it was well recieved.

I held the meeting with our stakeholder, been involved in all our meetings and such.

this week i have made arrows in the frontend, modularized the anchorpoints on the boxes and wired them up to make arrows.
I also added interfaces, abstract classes and enums to the frontend so we can add them to the UML.


Week 6
I was a part of most meeting this week, but was unable to attent one of them. Other then that i worked on some of the things we had put up on the scrumboard for this week.

This week i did not do as much since i have been putting down 140% of the time predicted for me each week before. but i fixed some pliancy and set up a framework for arrows moving with boxes.


Week 7
This week we reprioritized to make sure the product is polished at the end of the course, i was a part of this reprioritizing even if our PO had the last word.
Otherwise i was a part of all our meetings and was the "ordförande" at one of them.

I have made boxes resize depending on content and made the anchorpoints update with the size.
I have also spent a lot of time with Elmo connecting my work in the frontend with the things he made in backend so things work not just look good.


Week 8
This week we went through the functionality we still had left to see if something was important to get done ASAP for our PO to get those done. Otherwise we focused on buggfixing this week.
This was appriciated by the PO since he was happy with the progress of the project, exept one or two features he wanted implementing.
Otherwise he said priority should be on ironing out bugs and making everything else work 100%

I worked a lot on buggfixing this week, but also added multiplicity to the arrows.